---
layout: post
title: Day Eight
excerpt: A new week
tags: [intro, beginner, jekyll, tutorial]
comments: true
category: blog
---

It is Sunday night, and I did virtually nothing related to programming all weekend. It is not that I was avoiding it, but rather, I never got a long enough uninterrupted span of time to dedicate to learning. There might be an important message here. That lesson being that the weekends may not be as productive as I had hoped. Now, I kind of already knew this, but I was not convinced. There is always something that needs fixing, cleaning, or rearranging. And then there are the boys. At two and five, they just don't give me any time to sit down and work. This may sound like a complaint, but it is not. I just need to remember that my week nights are going to need to be more productive. While I am tired from work, and usually sick of looking at a computer screen from staring at dots all day hoping nothing goes wrong, I still need to put in at least an hour to get anywhere. Consistency is key.

__So what am I doing now? Why am I not studying instead of typing in this blog?__

Great question. The blog will be important, whether I am productive or not. I hope to use it as a record, or memory of how and why, and if I was able to study and what I got out of it. Or what I created, or am working on. I hope to type angrily on some posts, ranting about how lame I feel, unable to solve an issue, and then the next day writing about how stupid I was, not figuring out the issue sooner because the answer turned out to be so simple.

__That is what tonight is for.__ At least I did manage to re-organize some folders on my computer, do a little streamlining, and fold some laundry. Also, go Stars.

Dirkles, out. 
