---
layout: post
title: Day Seven
excerpt: Summing up the week
tags: [intro, beginner, jekyll, tutorial]
comments: true
category: blog
---

## So what have I learned so far?

I started learning Python about a year ago, on a whim, with no real plan or purpose. I searched the internet for some tutorials, picked up a book, and started running through them. Some of the tutorials I used included:

-Learn Python the Hard way
-Automate the Boring Stuff with Python
-Beginning Python (book)

I found that after a month or so, I was able to make a simple program, though bloated with code, on my own. Something I thought up without following a tutorial or guide. It was a scheduling program, designed to allow the user to enter times and activities based on a pre-determined activity list. There were some additional features that I planned on adding, like entering in a custom activity, or auto-filling all the time slots (randomize the entries). _I never finished it though_. I completed most of it, and there is a working version of it [here](https://github.com/Dirkles68/Simple-Scheduler), but for some reason I just stopped. I know that some of the lessons I was getting to (Learn Python the Hard Way) were increasing in difficulty, but it is not like they were impossible. I just needed to spend more time figuring it out an practicing. Once again, I hit some friction, and without well-defined goals, I lost interest and stopped doing it.

The point of all this is, as I continue to write posts, and work on things here and there, I need to remember what my goal is. Is my goal to find a job as a developer within a year? Realistically, no. I have a job, that I sometimes enjoy, though it is not what I think I _should_ be doing. And it will be good to have more skills in case I were to lose my job at some point. My big fat hairy goal is to be polished enough to be able to get a job doing something within the programming field. That's really it. To be _able_ to. To be _prepared_ for a career emergency. Once I'm there, maybe my new goal will be to actually switch careers.

Until then, i'm just going to learn. My learning path is currently undefined. Defining it is my next step. I would like to understand how this website works a lot more, so that I can build one from scratch. I might start with an HTML/CSS course. I really don't know yet. I am still organizing all of my learning materials here on this [Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1emnIRzeSwTM8CnbEVUkzw9h2uOsAYnTsH7tyalhANa0/edit#gid=1362006810).

Programming Tasks Completed for today:

None. It is Friday, it has been a long week, and I am tired. I will come back to this tomorrow. 
